Add STF 1.3 to 1.4 upgrade guide (#373)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_removing-smart-gateway-1-3-operator.adoc

[id="removing-smart-gateway-1-3-operator_{context}"]
= Removing {ProjectShort} 1.3 Smart Gateway Operator

[role="_abstract"]
Remove the Smart Gateway Operator from {ProjectShort} 1.3.

.Procedure

. Log in to {OpenShift}.

. Change to the `service-telemetry` namespace:
+
[source,bash]
----
$ oc project service-telemetry
----

> . Retrieve the `Subscription` name of the Smart Gateway Operator. Replace `service-telemetry` in the selector with the namespace that hosts your {ProjectShort} instance if it is different from the default namespace. Verify that only one subscription is returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Retrieve the `Subscription` name of the Smart Gateway Operator. Replace `service-telemetry` in the selector with the namespace that hosts your {ProjectShort} instance if it is different from the default namespace. Verify that only one subscription is returned:
```

smart-gateway-operator-stable-1.3-redhat-operators-openshift-marketplace   smart-gateway-operator   redhat-operators   stable-1.3
----

. Delete the Smart Gateway Operator subscription:
+
[source,bash,options="nowrap"]
----
$ oc delete sub --selector=operators.coreos.com/smart-gateway-operator.service-telemetry

subscription.operators.coreos.com "smart-gateway-operator-stable-1.3-redhat-operators-openshift-marketplace" deleted
----

. Retrieve the Smart Gateway Operator ClusterServiceVersion and verify that only one ClusterServiceVersion is returned:
+
[source,bash,options="nowrap"]
----
$ oc get csv --selector=operators.coreos.com/smart-gateway-operator.service-telemetry

NAME                                     DISPLAY                  VERSION          REPLACES   PHASE
smart-gateway-operator.v3.0.1635451893   Smart Gateway Operator   3.0.1635451893              Succeeded
----

. Delete the Smart Gateway Operator ClusterServiceVersion:
+
[source,bash,options="nowrap"]
----
$ oc delete csv --selector=operators.coreos.com/smart-gateway-operator.service-telemetry

clusterserviceversion.operators.coreos.com "smart-gateway-operator.v3.0.1635451893" deleted
----

> . Delete the SmartGateway Custom Resource Definition:

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should note here that this is when the outage begins

+
[source,bash,options="nowrap"]
----
$ oc delete crd smartgateways.smartgateway.infra.watch

customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "smartgateways.smartgateway.infra.watch" deleted
----

////
. Patch the Service Telemetry Operator Subscription to use the stable-1.4 channel:
+
[source,bash,options="nowrap"]
----

> $ oc patch $(oc get sub --selector=operators.coreos.com/service-telemetry-operator.service-telemetry -oname) --patch $'spec:\n  channel: stable-1.4' --type=merge

Reviewer 2: This step didn't work for me, probably because of https://github.com/infrawatch/service-telemetry-operator/pull/307

smart-gateway-operator-stable-1.3-redhat-operators-openshift-marketplace   smart-gateway-operator   redhat-operators   stable-1.3
----

. Delete the Smart Gateway Operator subscription:
+
[source,bash,options="nowrap"]
----
$ oc delete sub --selector=operators.coreos.com/smart-gateway-operator.service-telemetry

subscription.operators.coreos.com "smart-gateway-operator-stable-1.3-redhat-operators-openshift-marketplace" deleted
----

. Retrieve the Smart Gateway Operator ClusterServiceVersion and verify that only one ClusterServiceVersion is returned:
+
[source,bash,options="nowrap"]
----
$ oc get csv --selector=operators.coreos.com/smart-gateway-operator.service-telemetry

NAME                                     DISPLAY                  VERSION          REPLACES   PHASE
smart-gateway-operator.v3.0.1635451893   Smart Gateway Operator   3.0.1635451893              Succeeded
----

. Delete the Smart Gateway Operator ClusterServiceVersion:
+
[source,bash,options="nowrap"]
----
$ oc delete csv --selector=operators.coreos.com/smart-gateway-operator.service-telemetry

clusterserviceversion.operators.coreos.com "smart-gateway-operator.v3.0.1635451893" deleted
----

> . Delete the SmartGateway Custom Resource Definition (CRD). After removal of the CRD no data will flow to {ProjectShort} until the upgrade is completed and the Smart Gateway instances are reinstantiated:

Author: @JoanneOFlynn2018 can you just review and adjust/approve this statement? Otherwise this is approved from a technical viewpoint and it's ready for merge and import. Thanks!

> . Delete the SmartGateway Custom Resource Definition (CRD). After removal of the CRD no data will flow to {ProjectShort} until the upgrade is completed and the Smart Gateway instances are reinstantiated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Delete the SmartGateway Custom Resource Definition (CRD). After removal of the CRD, no data flows to {ProjectShort} until the upgrade is completed and the Smart Gateway instances are reinstantiated:
```
